keybind = ctrl+z=close_surface
keybind = ctrl+d=new_split:auto

# workaround for vuln from v1.0.0
title = Ghostty

gtk-titlebar = false
window-decoration = false
window-padding-x = 8
window-padding-y = 8
window-inherit-working-directory = true
copy-on-select = true
font-family = 0xProto Nerd Font

font-size = 10
font-feature = liga
# shell-integration = fish
adjust-underline-position = 4
mouse-hide-while-typing = true
mouse-scroll-multiplier = 1
cursor-invert-fg-bg = true
bold-is-bright = true
cursor-style = underline
theme = Kanagawa Dragon
background = 0d0c0d
foreground = c5c5c9
cursor-invert-fg-bg = true
selection-invert-fg-bg = true
background-opacity = 1
window-theme = ghostty
focus-follows-mouse = true

adjust-cell-height = 12%
adjust-cell-width = 2%

gtk-single-instance = true

#vim set ft=conf
